[Music]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today
since you can see that I face is such a
disaster from having just had a kind of
unpleasant reaction to using a new
product I thought that this end because
you know I even have just an ugly old
pimple on my chin from wearing sunscreen
so much on my face I thought this would
be a really good time for a first
impression of a concealer product
because this would really be putting it
to the test and this is this is a
physician's formula to conceal RX its
ass position strength concealer it is
from a physician's formula company
you've seen me try their concealers
before just because every time they put
out something new I always just get
drawn in and I just have to try it out
to see I don't know it's got such an
appeal so I have this some twin one with
the green on one side and there's sort
of beige color on the other one I have
this stick one that looks like a
lipstick of some kind
I even have this powdered version that
has a lot of green in it that you put
that on as well so I've tried all of
these before and when I was shopping I
spotted this one the other day and I
thought well I may as well try this one
too because why leave this one out when
I've tried everything else that for him
seems to have in green and since I've
got both rosacea redness going on and a
pimple I thought well this could be
helpful to people with rosacea and with
acne for that matter so we'll just
really two of those ago this one says it
is concentrated for maximum coverage
maximum comfort comfort ultra long wear
natural smooth finish no mask effect all
those found awesome to me I will be
trying this out I will be doing some
other things and then I'll even be
heading out for a little while and
coming back if I have any reactions to
this after the video that aren't in the
video I will make some note of it either
on the screen when I edit the video or
in the description box which is blue
this one specifically says that it
covers blemishes scars birthmarks age
spots rosacea and hyperpigmentation so
that sounds good considering everything
I've got going on here
I just really didn't want to be on
camera like this but I thought no I've
got disagrees on my rosie friends they
will accept me for my red blotchy face I
will give this a try and this will
really be a great test for it it is in
the color soft green and it says it
lasts up to 12 hours
it says it is hypoallergenic fragrance
free and non comedogenic to use it it
says gently squeeze tube to dispense
concealer apply a small dot of soft
green concealer and blend to color
correct reddish skin imperfections such
as blemishes and scars next gently pat
do not rub a Physicians Formula
foundation to cover green for flawless
finish outer lightly for lasting
coverage okay so I will also use
fortunately I have Physicians Formula
products as well like the their
foundation their mineral wear so I will
put that on top to follow the directions
exactly as it said good thing I read
that on screen because I clearly didn't
read that before starting this video
this is high intensity pigments allow
concealer in soft green to gently hide
reddish imperfections such as blemishes
but also scars rosacea burns
hyperpigmentation and birthmarks without
a mask effect high-tech concentrated yet
smooth formula offers full and
comfortable coverage allowing skin to
breathe and letting your natural beauty
shine through it is a stay put formula
non oily and non-drying formula glides
on smoothly to a semi matte finish or
all-day wear provides maximum coverage
smooth application and comfortable wear
that lasts up to 12 hours it shows these
pictures of all these people who have
all of their various types of skin
redness and how they've been able to
cover it up with this stuff so that
would be awesome and it even says that
this is what it's like after eight hours
that second picture was after eight
hours so that's pretty interesting I
think I paid around eleven dollars for
this I'm just going to bust into this
box and it comes in this little tube
which sticks out further than the box so
it makes a horrible noise coming out
[Applause]
it's in a little tubes it looks like
this just a soft green Physicians
Formula I was actually hoping that'd be
that actually bucked me a little bit I
was hoping that with all this space like
this they would put the directions which
are very small I mean they've got the
directions are just like a part of this
little paragraph here if they would have
put that on to here then I wouldn't have
to keep this handy all the time so that
I don't forget how to do it because it's
I mean it has things that it
specifically says like don't rub and all
that kind of stuff and I tend to do
everything wrong when it comes to
cosmetic so that's kind of frustrating
that they didn't put the directions
directly onto the package because it
would be nice to be able to throw this
away but I will keep this handy anyway
because I normally do an end-of-the-year
empty so fortunately because I make
videos I'll take this hunt hence well I
will open up a little tube and just put
a bit as the product onto my finger and
it comes out really nicely so it's not
what those ones like blast across when
you're just trying to get a little bit
on your finger so this would be the
color of it there and it said 2 dot it
onto the spots where you want to cover
up so good luck of being right and then
just Pat them in so we'll see what
happens here let's start off with that
bad boy right there
and we're going to have to use a lot
more product than this but
interesting kind of texture is quite
thick I'm going to have to take my
glasses off here but it's quite thick it
has it's not quite a clay-like texture
but it's almost severely if it was a
little bit thicker and paste here it
would be at almost like a clay-like but
not unpleasantly that's why I kind of
hesitated to use a word play is because
that sounds kind of mean but um but it
is it's quite thick so you can see that
it is meant for a heavy coverage and to
stay in place so I think I have enough
product on my face and yeah little
capture I did escape but I got it
but yeah so analysis to pat this in so
I'm just going to go over I guess with
my finger normally I would use a
blending sponge like this but it didn't
say to use a sponge or anything I don't
want to have like something take off the
product so I'm just going to try and do
it Pat it with my finger like it kind of
suggests on the box and for the first
use we'll see what happens we'll see
what I learned from from the first use
because maybe I'll in the future we'll
just use the beauty blender or the
blending sponge anyway but for now we'll
just try and do what it says blend out a
lot more than I thought it would so I
might have a ton of it on my face but
that's okay
that actually comes out quite evenly of
coverage I hope this is how green it's
supposed to be and that I didn't go
completely overboard but I can't I can't
figure out how I could have put on less
because that was a teensy amount of
product that I just sort of dotted
everywhere but it spreads really really
nicely and evenly even with just all I'm
using is my fingertip and I'm only just
using one but um yeah but well we'll
keep going and see how
I don't feel like I was able to get as
even coverage on the second side as
there was on the first and that's I
think because I was working against it
drying I probably should have done like
one cheek and then pat it all in and
then done the other one and pat it all
in because it really has dried like this
is a very it's almost coming down to a
satiny sort of finish now and it hasn't
come off on my other fingers this is the
one I was working with in the first
place but ya know I've done but I still
feel like that was a really nice
coverage is definitely covered up all
the red I mean obviously I can't go it
like this but it did slide I would say
that you have to put on foundation on
top of this so we'll see if my
foundation will cover all this green or
if I'm going to have a kind of murky
muddy looking uneven face I think what
I'm going to do I do have the Physicians
Formula mineral err mineral loose powder
and I usually can wear this just as a
foundation but I'm thinking it's going
to need a little bit more like an actual
liquid foundation and then the powder on
top because it did say use a foundation
and then a powder to finish so I think I
don't have a liquid foundation from
Physicians Formula but I do have liquid
foundation so I think I'm just going to
use a regular front of the way out Mel
liquid foundation this one is from
covergirl I've used it in past videos so
I'm just going to throw that one on and
then I'll use a Physicians Formula
powder on top this is not a heavy
coverage this is just a mid coverage
product I actually really like it it
doesn't irritate my skin this is a
sensitive skin one in the color 205
ivory
not getting a good feeling about this um
the green is showing through quite a lot
I'm gonna do my best to cover it up with
the liquid foundation and then go over
top of it with the powder foundation but
I feel like I look even ghostier than I
normally do and this is not covering the
green very well so maybe things will
turn around
okay well so far I'm not very pleased
with this it looks like I'm wearing
white paint with it green tinge to it so
that maybe I'm feeling really really
sick today this is really not the kind
of result I would normally go for but I
will try some powder on top of that now
and we can just hope that it will
coverage at all so I will try the
physician to be fair that was not a
physician's formula product like it did
recommend but I mean it was a regular
foundation and I've never had any
problems with that before so now we'll
try the mineral powder on top this one
is Physicians Formula and I just noticed
that I'm running out of card of my SD
card on this camera so I'm just going to
go run and grab another one I will be
right back okay we're back with a new
memory version I think I feel like I've
brought the the color out of the the
I've made it kind of more skin tone for
me again I started making it kind of
gray many more so that's kind of
promising I maybe I was too heavy-handed
with the green I don't know how I could
have used less of it and still spread it
the way that it needs to be spread maybe
it's not meant to be used over very
large areas but it did say rosacea so
I'm thinking it has to have had to be
able to go over some expand of area of
your skin but I feel like I've covered
it I feel like the Greenville has made
my normal foundation look really really
pale next to the way that it normally is
and I normally in white and ghostly but
this is a little bit much I'll try
throwing on a little bit of blush and
I'll see if that will fix things up a
little bit I might start off with like a
little bit of a brownie or blush and
just go over my whole face a little bit
as though I'm applying some sort of
Browns or bronzer or something I don't
have a browser I've never
use bronzer before the only time I've
ever sampled it it just made me look
really strange and oranjee so I haven't
really used it but I'll start off by
doing a little bit of the color a shape
like this I'll go really light handed
and start with my cheeks and then work
over my whole face just to give a layer
so that it looks something like my
favourite something like the rest of my
body I look so tan next to my face and
I'm not can I feel like I've made my
face look a little bit more like it
belongs to the rest of my body so what
I'll do now is just apply a little bit
of splash like I normally would just
because this whole single color thing
just doesn't work but yep and I might
just finish off the look since I put
this much makeup on already I may as
well finish off the look and since I'm
heading out anyway I would put on makeup
so look at that it's also a makeup
application video I'm not just testing
his help
[Music]
so what I do with Mike there we are
found my glasses so um well I guess
that's not too bad but I thought this
was going to be a complete and utter
disaster um based on how white my face
face came out I did have to do some
correcting activity basically to darken
down my foundation I did find that this
really did make my foundation a lot
lighter than it normally would be
because it looked like white face paint
I could have done clown makeup on top or
Harley Quinn or something like that but
um ya know but I was some just with a
little bit of darker blush I was able to
just take the look down a shade a little
bit and make it look a little bit more
like me I don't know if you can tell or
if I'll be able to tell when I see this
on a bigger screen I just keep looking
on the camera screen if I've actually
managed to match it with the rest of me
at least I don't look like I have a
really huge tan now compared to my face
but it definitely did I mean it covered
the redness any pink on my face now is
from the blush um the one thing that I
did notice and I wanted to point this
out because you've asked me about this
before and I've never really paid too
much attention to before is about big
pores I have large pores especially in
this area right here kind of next to my
nose run across a little bit of the top
under my eyes not all the way along but
just in the kind of this area I
definitely have large pores I didn't
focus this on that area but on the areas
where I did really put the most the
largest amount of this it really did
make a much smoother finish though I'm
kind of impressed with that I'm kind of
wishing that I had gone in closer to the
edges of my nose here because it did
sort of fill everything in while taking
the redness sound I'm hoping this won't
cause any irritation because I will use
it again now that I know what I'm doing
with the UM correcting the color from
the color grinder but yeah so um well I
do feel that there's a bit of a learning
curve and you have to kind of
be a little bit adventurous with which
powders you're going to put on your face
and this definitely needs layers on top
and not just the liquid foundation you
need to go on top on top on top with it
I'm impressed with this eye I will use
it especially on days where I felt I
mean do you saw how red my face was and
that's not bad at all and the big ole
pimple that I have it's covered up
completely it's just texture now you can
see that it is a lump but I mean it's
not going to be able to do anything
about that yeah in terms of color
correction nice job I'm much more
impressed now than I thought I was going
to be about halfway through possibly
Physicians Formula they're regular
liquid foundation gives a bigger
coverage than the covergirl one that I
used I've been happy with that covering
green before so but then again this is a
more intense green but I like the
texture I like the finish that was left
over and with enough layers I was able
to cover it up if I have any problems
with it I am going to leave it on for
quite some time so if I have any
problems with it I will definitely make
note of it in the description below or
somewhere on screen so that I can tell
you about that but hopefully I won't and
hopefully it will sit nicely and it
won't you know cake or separate or do
any of those fun things that makeup
likes do and will have discovered
something that can work so this would be
conceal our exposition strength
concealer by Physicians Formula but I
hope you liked this video I hope it was
entertaining in some way I hope it was
informative I hope it helps you to let
you know whether or not you'd like to
try out that product if you do like
videos like this one I hope you'll give
me a thumbs up and that way I will know
and if you want to see more videos like
this where I test out products cosmetics
skincare that kind of thing for my
rosacea I hope you will subscribe to my
channel I make new videos every Sunday
and both Thursdays and if I wasn't that
I will see you next time